Build.md, before:

1. Use the correct version for each docker image
2. Replace the GITHUB_TOKEN with your own key
3. Run the correct command from below
4. Push the image that has been created

e.g. `registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/hotcross-app:2.43.0`

5. Upgrade deployment on K8s

`helm upgrade cross-api helm/cross-api`

The list of services we use are:

- `helm upgrade hotcross-app helm/hotcross-app`
- `helm upgrade hotcross-app helm/hotcross-app`
- `helm upgrade cross-mint helm/cross-mint`
- `helm upgrade cross-send helm/cross-send`
...

Hotcross App
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/hotcross-app:2.43.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Pool
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool:1.15.3 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Pool Cache
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-cache:2.2.0 \
 -f ./operations/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Api
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-api:3.12.0 \
 -f ./operations/Dockerfile .
```

Bridge dApp
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/dapp:2.1.2.hotcross \
 -f ./operations/dapp/Dockerfile .
```

Bridge Validator
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/validator:1.5.5 \
 -f ./operations/validator/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Mint
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint:1.9.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-mint/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Mint Api
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint-api:1.0.1 \
 -f ./operations/api/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Vest Investor
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest:investor-1.3.1 \
 -f ./operations/dapp/investor.Dockerfile .
```

Cross Vest Admin
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest:admin-1.3.1 \
 -f ./operations/dapp/admin.Dockerfile .
```

Cross Pool Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-connector:0.13.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Pool Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-consumer:0.7.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Pool V2 Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-v2-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-v2-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Pool V2 Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-v2-consumer:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-v2-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Mint Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint-connector:0.3.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-mint-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Mint Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint-consumer:0.3.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-mint-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross KYC Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-kyc-connector:0.2.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-kyc-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross KYC Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-kyc-consumer:0.2.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-kyc-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Analytics API
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/analytics-api:0.13.0 \
 -f ./operations/analytics-api/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Price Feed
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/price-feed:0.13.2 \
 -f ./operations/price-feed/Dockerfile src/rust
```

APR Feed
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/apr-feed:0.4.0 \
 -f ./operations/apr-feed/Dockerfile src/rust
```

DEX Data Feed
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/dex-data-feed:0.1.2 \
 -f ./operations/dex-data-feed/Dockerfile src/rust
```

KYC Status Checker
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/kyc-status-checker:0.1.1 \
 -f ./operations/kyc-status-checker/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Neo4j Backup
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/neo4j-backup:4.2.7 \
 -f ./docker/neo4j-backup/Dockerfile ./docker/neo4j-backup
```

Cross Send dApp
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-send:1.6.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-send/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Yield Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-yield-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-yield-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Yield Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-yield-consumer:0.1.1 \
 -f ./operations/cross-yield-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Vest Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-vest-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Vest Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest-consumer:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-vest-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

NFT Staking Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/nft-staking-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/nft-staking-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

NFT Staking Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/nft-staking-consumer:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/nft-staking-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Commit message:

chore(*): add example secrets files

Build.md, after:

Before deploying a service make sure that you set the secrets.

In each service there is a `secrets.example.yaml` file. You will have to copy this and rename it to `secrets.prod.yaml`. Also, you would have to add the missing values.

1. Use the correct version for each docker image
2. Replace the GITHUB_TOKEN with your own key
3. Run the correct command from below
4. Push the image that has been created

e.g. `registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/hotcross-app:2.43.0`

5. Upgrade deployment on K8s

`helm upgrade cross-api helm/cross-api`

The list of services we use are:

- `helm upgrade hotcross-app helm/hotcross-app`
- `helm upgrade hotcross-app helm/hotcross-app`
- `helm upgrade cross-mint helm/cross-mint`
- `helm upgrade cross-send helm/cross-send`
...

Hotcross App
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/hotcross-app:2.43.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Pool
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool:1.15.3 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Pool Cache
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-cache:2.2.0 \
 -f ./operations/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Api
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-api:3.12.0 \
 -f ./operations/Dockerfile .
```

Bridge dApp
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/dapp:2.1.2.hotcross \
 -f ./operations/dapp/Dockerfile .
```

Bridge Validator
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/validator:1.5.5 \
 -f ./operations/validator/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Mint
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint:1.9.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-mint/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Mint Api
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint-api:1.0.1 \
 -f ./operations/api/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Vest Investor
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest:investor-1.3.1 \
 -f ./operations/dapp/investor.Dockerfile .
```

Cross Vest Admin
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest:admin-1.3.1 \
 -f ./operations/dapp/admin.Dockerfile .
```

Cross Pool Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-connector:0.13.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Pool Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-consumer:0.7.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Pool V2 Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-v2-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-v2-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Pool V2 Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-pool-v2-consumer:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-pool-v2-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Mint Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint-connector:0.3.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-mint-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Mint Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-mint-consumer:0.3.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-mint-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross KYC Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-kyc-connector:0.2.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-kyc-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross KYC Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-kyc-consumer:0.2.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-kyc-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Analytics API
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/analytics-api:0.13.0 \
 -f ./operations/analytics-api/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Price Feed
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/price-feed:0.13.2 \
 -f ./operations/price-feed/Dockerfile src/rust
```

APR Feed
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/apr-feed:0.4.0 \
 -f ./operations/apr-feed/Dockerfile src/rust
```

DEX Data Feed
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/dex-data-feed:0.1.2 \
 -f ./operations/dex-data-feed/Dockerfile src/rust
```

KYC Status Checker
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/kyc-status-checker:0.1.1 \
 -f ./operations/kyc-status-checker/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Neo4j Backup
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/neo4j-backup:4.2.7 \
 -f ./docker/neo4j-backup/Dockerfile ./docker/neo4j-backup
```

Cross Send dApp
===

```
 docker build \
 --build-arg GITHUB_TOKEN= \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-send:1.6.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-send/Dockerfile .
```

Cross Yield Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-yield-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-yield-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Yield Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-yield-consumer:0.1.1 \
 -f ./operations/cross-yield-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Vest Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-vest-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

Cross Vest Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/cross-vest-consumer:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/cross-vest-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```

NFT Staking Connector
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/nft-staking-connector:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/nft-staking-connector/Dockerfile src/rust
```

NFT Staking Consumer
===

```
 docker build \
 -t registry.digitalocean.com/hotcross/nft-staking-consumer:0.1.0 \
 -f ./operations/nft-staking-consumer/Dockerfile src/rust
```
